Discuss and evaluate the potential of renewable energy sources to meet the increasing energy demands of your country.

1. Add an abstract + keyword? -- not necessary as mentioned
2. where are the references?
3. add an extra space before the left bracket

Introduction

The demand for energy is growing due mostly to the population expansion and human activities, especially in developing countries that have bigger consumptions. One of the representative developing countries facing the challenge of energy demand growth is China. In China, the economy has grown at an average annual rate of 10.2% since 2002 (Jiang, and Lin, 2012, p. 608). According to the research from Jiang and Lin (2012, pp. 608-615), energy demand increases with economic growth. Under this rule, there is a clear indication that China's energy demand will stabilize with a high growth by 2020 (Jiang, and Lin, 2012, p. 611). Additionally, with energy demands increasing, more environmental pollution caused by fossil fuel is the other challenge for China, as coal occupies the majority of the China energy structure (sun et al, 2016). Wu et al (2014) traced CO2 emission from fossil fuel (CO2ff) by Δ14C in a northern city of China, i.e., Xi'an, and found that CO2 concentration has the maximum in January of 2013 (57.8 ± 17.1 ppm) and an annual average with 34.2 ± 9.5 ppm. Another research (Ding et al, 2013) also showed a fact of the air pollution caused by fossil fuel in China: during the rush hour of 9 June, 2012, a steep rise of PM2.5 concentration appeared and the data peaked at 8:00 pm, with 468 μg/m−3, (then, it seems this "then" is redundant) lasted 36h with an average PM2.5 concentration of more than 200 μg/ m−3. 

? In the face of these situations, ? i dont understand this sentence
? In facing these situations,

renewable energy sources have an optimistic impace and great potential to alleviate the problem of the increasing energy demands in China to a certain extent. This essay will look firstly at the development of renewable energy in China through discussing three types of renewable energies which are suitable for development in China, (then, it seems this "then" is redundant) followed by an evaluation of the possibility of meeting (matching?) the growing energy demands in China. Finally, some suggestions will be given at the end of the article according to the current study and data.

Discussion

2.Development of renewable energy in China

Renewable energy is the power collected from renewable resources, which are naturally replenished on a human timescale, such as sunlight, wind, rain, tides, waves, and geothermal heat (Ellabban, Abu-Rub, and Blaabjerg, 2014, p. 749). 

According to the renewable resources where the renewable energy is from, it is divided into different categories, e.g., solar energy, hydropower energy, wind energy, nuclear energy and so on. In China, hydro energy, solar energy and wind energy are the top three energies which are suitable for the development in China (Ellabban, Abu-Rub, and Blaabjerg, 2014, p. 749; Liu, Wang, Zhang, and Xue, 2010, p. 303). 

2.1 Hydropower energy

Hydropower energy is from the flowing water. The kinetic energy of flowing water is translated into and utilized as electrical energy by running turbines. In this process, water and height difference are two necessary conditions of utilizing the hydropower energy. Hydropower energy is mostly used in southwestern provinces of China which have adequate natural river and mountains providing those prerequisites. 

?For example, the Three Gorges Dam hydro energy plant in Hubei province, the Danjiangkou Dam hydro energy plant and the Jiangxia tidal power plant. ?
i think these examples are not supporting your previous argument.

In addition to geographical advantages, there are abundant potential hydropower capacity (676GW) which could generate 5920 TWh per year theoretically and 1920 TWh per year actually in China (Fu, S., and Jin Zhong, 2008, p. 48). Finally, hydropower plants reduce the occurrences of natural disasters such as flood. The ?flooring? in the middle reaches of Yangtze River has been mitigated, due to the Three Gorges Dam hydro energy plant (Fu, S., and Jin Zhong, 2008, p. 49). 

Although it is obvious and (distinct -- i think this word stresses on the "different" sense, i would use "straightforward") to realize the benefits of hydropower, the detrimental side should not be ignored. The most crucial disadvantage of hydropower is the negative impact on the natural ecological environment. The hydropower plants always ?be? established rely on the river lines and steep mountains. These human activities will change the original hydrogeologic and geologic conditions to some extent and occupy the habitat of local organisms. Take the Three Gorges Dam hydro energy plant as an example, there are several desert areas in the upper reaches of the Yellow River, which means that the sediments would be transported with flows to the lower Yellow River basin. The Three Gorges Dam hydro energy plant is situated in the middle of the Yellow River and obstructs the moving of sediments. The sediments deposited on the riverbed and made the altitude higher gradually, threatening the safety of surrounding creatures (Fu, S., and Jin Zhong, 2008).     

2.2 Solar energy

Solar energy is radiant light and heat from the sun, utilized through diverse
technologies. It can be divided into two categories on the basis of utilizing
solar energy directly or indirectly -- electricity production (solar photovoltaic
(PV) and concentrating solar power (CSP) systems) and thermal energy (Byrne et
al, 2010). 

China has ample solar energy resources, because of the large land area. 

?And its distribution is uneven result from the altitude. ?
i dont understand this -- resulted from?

Located at high altitude areas, some cold northern provinces of China have rich
sunlight and long daily lighting time which is suitable to establish Solar
energy plants. In those provinces, e.g., Inner Mongolia, Tibet and the southeast
part of the Qing-zang altiplano, the annual hours of sunlight is more than 3200,
and the annual irradiation amount is about 6600– 8500 MJ/m2 (Liu et al, 2010).
These abundant resources have supported the development of solar energy. In
2007, the total amount of Chinese solar PV ranks at the top in the world
(1200MW), taking 35% of the total volume (Liu et al, 2010). 

? Besides, the wide distribution of solar energy encourages its development in China. ?
i dont understand this sentence -- maybe "poputation" in stead of "development"?

More than 67% areas of China are abundant solar energy zone (the annual hours of
rich irradiation zone are about 3000–3200, and the annual irradiation amount is
about 5800– 6600MJ/m2.) (Liu et al, 2010). 

?However, it is some issues that have the negative influence on the rapid
development of solar energy. ?
are you saying -- the rapid development of solar
energy introduces negative images and problems?

Firstly, the electric grid does not store electrical energy which means that the
demand and the production of electric power must be equivalent at the same time
(Leonard et al, 2019). However, when solar power is used to churn out the

electric (what? -- mising subject?)

with a PV system, the electrical power produced by solar is limited by
daylight hours and seasons. This will result in the situations of energy waste
or insufficient energy supply. This is the reason for the low proportion of
adding solar power into state grid. Furthermore, this renewable energy is
comparatively uneconomical, because of the high price. The main reasons of high
price have caused by two aspects: the technical costs and imported materials.
For instance, the silicon used in the solar photovoltaic plate is the main cost
for the solar energy plants, particularly in the countries which do not have the
rich resources. Finally, despite less pollution caused in solar power producing
and using, there are some pollution threat after that stages. In the PV system,
PV panels (is, are) the most significant and most frequently used infrastructure to
absorb solar radiation in solar power electric plants, nevertheless life length
of PV panels is limited (approximately 5 years). Those abandoned panels
contain chemical materials and toxic substances that are difficult to deal with.
30% of PV panels of the world are (supplied in -- im not sure if this is correct) China (Hua, Oliphant, and Hu,
2016), which increased the risk of environmental pollution.

2.3 Wind energy

The definition of wind energy is that air flows are transformed into a used form
with wind turbines,for instance, making electricity, windpumps for pumping water
or drainage, windmills for mechanical power and so on(Ellabban, Abu-Rub, and
Blaabjerg, 2014). In China, wind power took over the largest proportion of
renewable power capacities and ranked first in world wind power production in
2015 (Kabir et al, 2018)(Fig.1). 


Fig.1 Comparison of non-hydro renewable energy capacities between countries
(Kabir et al, 2018). 

The important position of wind power in  China, even in the world, is because
the positive benefits of wind power to face the growing energy demand issues.
Comparing with other renewable energy mentioned, duration of infrastructure
construction in wind power plants is shorter than other renewable energy plants;
also,the wind farms are relatively cheaper to build (Ellabban, Abu-Rub, and
Blaabjerg, 2014). In addition, wind power generation produces no water or air
pollution, achieving environmental friendliness (Ellabban, Abu-Rub, and
Blaabjerg, 2014). On the other hand, the negative influence of wind power
discouraging its further development should be paid more attention on to face.
The primary issue of wind power plant is the noise which caused by fan working.
The noise is still around 45 dB  at a 300-meter distance between the fan and
residents, Residents who live nearby wind farm area would have a risk of health
(Gipe, Paul, 1995). Secondly, the wind power plants mostly build on the place
where have enough wind resources to support the equiption working, such as farm,
plain. That means several parts of land will be occupied, then the soil erosion
will threaten the land quality. Finally, the most serious impact on wildlife is
habitat loss and life threat from the windmill (Nathan et al, 2015).

3.Evaluation and suggestion

As a country with a large population, the contribution of China of global CO2
emissions reached 25.1% (Li et al, 2012). The energy situation of China has a
great impact on the world. As this essay mentioned , although during the
development of renewable energy ,there are some disadvantages and issues which
should be solved, the advantages of renewable energy is more strength than the
disadvantages and the disadvantages could be mitigated or solved. The most
irreplaceable benefit of renewable energy is unlimited storage. With the rapid
development of China, the issue of increasing demand of energy would be more
serious year by year. The characteristic of large storage for renewable energy
is suitable to face this challenge. Moreover, few pollution produced with
renewable energy using also is significant benefit. As the pollution from fossil
fuel have badly impact on climate change and human life. This essay believes
that pollution situation is in urgent need of change and the most powerful
measure is been replaced by renewable energy. Overview, this essay holds an
optimistic position on renewable energy sources potential to alleviate the
problem of increasing energy demands to a certain extent in China. Some
suggestions will be given to encourage this opinion.


First of all, it is worth it to pay attention on improving the technology of
transforming and using renewable energies, for instance,expanding electric
capacity, connecting renewable energy with the state grid. Despite the high
price of technological development, an advanced technology could give more aids
in the next stages of renewable energy, such as low environmental restoration
cost. Secondly, in the aspect of policy, Chinese government has given the
notional aim : increasing the wind power generation capacity to 200GW by 2020,
23% of the reduction would be contributed by wind power in carbon intensity and
800 million m3 of water would be saved at the same time (Li et al, 2012). A
powerful guide policy could make a clear direction for renewable energy
development. Take wind power as an example, government publishes that 23% of the
reduction would be contributed by wind power in carbon intensity and 800 million
m3 of water would be saved at the same time.  Also, the government could
encourage renewable energy on finance which is vital assistance at the initial
stage of new technology. 

Conclusion

In summary, this essay shows that the great potential and positive position of
renewable energy sources enable it to mitigate increasing energy demands in some
degree in China. According to the research on different sides, the article
chooses three typical representative renewable energy of China and discusses
their development situations in China. Then, there are some evaluations about
the potential of renewable energy which believes that those suggestion mentioned
would have a hortative influence on renewable energy to facing the energy
problem.Discuss and evaluate the potential of renewable energy sources to meet
the increasing energy demands of your country.